README.md, before:

# About This Repo

This repo is the source of UDL documentations site, that is based on Jekyll and hosted on Github Pages.

The UDL docs site serves to demonstrate and document new UDL (User Defined Language), it is a feature of Notepad++ editor through which users can define their own syntax highlighting.

Original web address: [https://ivan-radic.github.io/udl-documentation/]()

# Contributions

> *tl;tr* For pull request, please do check **Allow edits from maintainers**, and merge from **your new branch** into **my master branch**.

## Proposing File Change

Sometimes you may want to fix a typo, or do some small changes that doesn't need a test, you can **propose file change** directly.

> reference: [Editing files in another user's repository - Github Help](https://help.github.com/articles/editing-files-in-another-user-s-repository/)

## Modifying This Site

If you are going to create a new feature or fix a bug, please follow the "fork and pull" model.

The best way is to edit and preview in your local machine. Running on local machine requires: `git`, `Ruby`, `RubyGems` and `bundler`. In Terminal, feel free to run:

```shell
git clone [your_fork_repo_url]
bundle install # to install github-pages gem, jekyll, etc.
source build.sh
bundle exec jekyll serve # http://localhost:4000/udl-documentation/
```

# Little Notes

For design and user experience, here are some directions to follow:

- Keep the layout clean and simple
- Easy to read
- Prefer Github Pages (Jekyll) mechanism and practice

# Other things

For changes of UDL rules and help, please discuss on [official Notepad\+\+ community](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/community/).

This repo is for documentation only, source code is available at [Notepad\+\+ repo on Github](https://github.com/notepad-plus-plus/notepad-plus-plus).

Commit message:

documentation; exclude some files from rendering by Jekyll

README.md, after:

# About This Repo

This repo is the source of UDL documentations site, that is based on Jekyll and hosted on Github Pages.

The UDL docs site serves to demonstrate and document new UDL (User Defined Language), it is a feature of Notepad++ editor through which users can define their own syntax highlighting.

Original web address: [https://ivan-radic.github.io/udl-documentation/]()

## Contributions

> *tl;tr* For pull request, please do check **Allow edits from maintainers**, and merge from **your new branch** into **my master branch**.

Two ways to contribute to this repo:

1. Simple way: Directly propose file change(s) in Github.com
2. Standard way: Fork and pull request model

For details, please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). There are some design matters for your reference.

## Other things

Site dev status:

- [x] responsive layout
- [ ] better reading experience
- [ ] supporting old devices, e.g. Chrome/Firefox on Windows XP

For changes of UDL rules and help, please discuss on [official Notepad\+\+ community](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/community/).

This repo is for documentation only, source code is available at [Notepad\+\+ repo on Github](https://github.com/notepad-plus-plus/notepad-plus-plus).
